README.md, before:

# LGS *READ ME* 

**24.05.2022 Vivian**  
:white_check_mark: Done   
    HomePage Done     
    Changed CSS, add a few global text styles   
    Started forum.html   
   
:white_square_button: To Do  
    add image asset   
    complete HTML    
 
**25.05.22 Jordan**
- Created href link/buttons to take user to our Forum page 
- Created and then added logo to homepage
- Added category logos and buttons (will change arrangment and had CSS to discussion board button)
- Added magnifying glasses and help button
- Uploaded arrow up button (Needs to be implemented into HTML)

**25.05.22 Vivian**   
:heavy_exclamation_mark: HTML can be modified for styling purposes   

:ballot_box_with_check: Done   
    Image asset   
    ALL HTML COMPLETED   

:black_square_button: To Do   
    forum.html CSS   
    Logo image needs update?  
    
**Jordan 26.05.22**

- Readded assets for icons and added buttons. 
- Need to:
      - Put category headings in-line with icons.
      - Move discussion board button to centre + get rid of underline.   

**26.05.22 Vivian**   
:ballot_box_with_check: Done   
    Fix img link  
    Update discussion box css  
    Add heading box    

:white_square_button: To Do   
    grid or flex for discussion  
  continue css  

**27.05.22 Vivian**   
:ballot_box_with_check: Done   
    Create post input style  
    Heading banner across pages  
    add button img  :point_down:  
   :point_right: <img src="/process/process.2.png" alt="process" width="450" height="270">  
    
 :point_right:  <img src="/process/process.1.png" alt="process" width="450" height="300">  

:white_square_button: To Do   
    responsive style  
    finish discussion grid layout  


**->29.05.22 Thomas**
- improved formatting header / footer 
- 'back to top' button working
- index.html formatting

need to:
=> fix header logo and zoom button positioning
=> incorporate whitespace throughout index.html
=> make css more efficient

**Jordan 30.5.22**

- Merged branches

to do:

- fix icon display to fill gaps

- header for discussion board link



**Vivian 30.5.22**  
:ballot_box_with_check: Done    
    Made the create post input field work but break all the styles :imp:  

:white_square_button: To Do   

**Jordan 31/05/22**

- Fixed Images 
- resized magnifiying glasses and help button
- Adding padding (rectangle) being discussion page heading on the homepage

Commit message:

:wrench: tab menu and add key submit in JS

README.md, after:

# LGS *READ ME* 

**24.05.2022 Vivian**  
:white_check_mark: Done   
    HomePage Done     
    Changed CSS, add a few global text styles   
    Started forum.html   
   
:white_square_button: To Do  
    add image asset   
    complete HTML    
 
**25.05.22 Jordan**
- Created href link/buttons to take user to our Forum page 
- Created and then added logo to homepage
- Added category logos and buttons (will change arrangment and had CSS to discussion board button)
- Added magnifying glasses and help button
- Uploaded arrow up button (Needs to be implemented into HTML)

**25.05.22 Vivian**   
:heavy_exclamation_mark: HTML can be modified for styling purposes   

:ballot_box_with_check: Done   
    Image asset   
    ALL HTML COMPLETED   

:black_square_button: To Do   
    forum.html CSS   
    Logo image needs update?  
    
**Jordan 26.05.22**

- Readded assets for icons and added buttons. 
- Need to:
      - Put category headings in-line with icons.
      - Move discussion board button to centre + get rid of underline.   

**26.05.22 Vivian**   
:ballot_box_with_check: Done   
    Fix img link  
    Update discussion box css  
    Add heading box    

:white_square_button: To Do   
    grid or flex for discussion  
  continue css  

**27.05.22 Vivian**   
:ballot_box_with_check: Done   
    Create post input style  
    Heading banner across pages  
    add button img  :point_down:  
   :point_right: <img src="/process/process.2.png" alt="process" width="450" height="270">  
    
 :point_right:  <img src="/process/process.1.png" alt="process" width="450" height="300">  

:white_square_button: To Do   
    responsive style  
    finish discussion grid layout  


**->29.05.22 Thomas**
- improved formatting header / footer 
- 'back to top' button working
- index.html formatting

need to:
=> fix header logo and zoom button positioning
=> incorporate whitespace throughout index.html
=> make css more efficient

**Jordan 30.5.22**

- Merged branches

to do:

- fix icon display to fill gaps

- header for discussion board link



**Vivian 30.5.22**  
:ballot_box_with_check: Done    
    Made the create post input field work but break all the styles :imp:  

:white_square_button: To Do   

**Jordan 31/05/22**

- Fixed Images 
- resized magnifiying glasses and help button
- Adding padding (rectangle) being discussion page heading on the homepage  

**Vivian 31.5.22**  
:ballot_box_with_check: Done    
    Align logo with navigation text in tab menu   
    add enter key to submit from in JS   

:white_square_button: To Do  
    quite a lot
